Heuristics generally perform well with user satisfaction, but they perform poorly with transformer overload.
However, the RR algorithm manages to generally perform better with transformer overload through its load distribution.
Of course, they cannot be used in the V2G context because they do not allow for discharge. As for RL algorithms, surprisingly, some very sophisticated algorithms, such as TQC, out-of-the-box perform worse than DDPG. This may be due to a lack of optimization of the stochastic policy in the case of SAC. I also tried improvements to DDPG, such as PER, and therefore a different sampling mode. Although I tried to reduce the bias resulting from sampling for high TD errors, policies were learned that were not globally optimal but locally optimal; only a few metrics performed well, neglecting the others. I also tried TD3, which is an improvement on DDPG with two critical issues, but this did not show significant improvements either. SAC, on the other hand, proved to be a middle ground between TQC and DDPG, but without achieving significant results. Generally, given its stochastic nature, repeating the simulation for three scenarios shows more variance in the results.

MPC, on the other hand, is a guarantee and has very reliable behavior. In my simulations, I tested both the adaptive version with Np=15, Nc=5, and the normal version with Nc=1. With Np=5, it generally performs the same with the same results, so optimization should probably be done on the cost function rather than those parameters. The adaptive version is slightly slower but involves much greater complexity, so it's justifiable.
Note that even if you say "infeasible" it means that the entire parameter space has been explored with CBC. However, with NP values ​​greater than 15, despite rather powerful hardware (an Intel(R) Core(TM) Ultra 7 155H processor, 3800 MHz, 16 cores, 22 logical processors, and 16 GB of RAM), it cannot continue, a sign that the problem is computationally complex. In other versions, I had tried with NP = NC = 5, and in any case, the results were generally not better, but not worse than the adaptive version either. Given the objective function, it could be favored in some conditions to behave as if it were a RR, but allowing for V2G. The average satisfaction is not high, but it always has a good profit and therefore also a low transformer load.

The sensitivity analysis shows that the discharge price factor is a very relevant parameter for profit. For values ​​greater than 1, it becomes significantly more advantageous to do V2G since the discharge prices, being greater than the charge, are generally more convenient for any algorithm except heuristics that do not discharge. Generally, as the transformer power increases, there is less transformer overload (as it should be) and the results are very clear. In that case, the AFAP performs very poorly for low transformer power. Even the TQC, although with less worse results than the AFAP, does not perform very well around 50 kWh of power, followed by the DDPG with PER, followed by the SAC and then there are MPC and DDPG which are the best. Even the analysis on desired capacity versus average user satisfaction shows us that the SAC generally has good user satisfaction, of course the heuristics generally perform better, it follows the DDPG and MPC policies, but this sensitivity analysis does not make much sense if you do not look at the other metrics, certainly it can be said that as the desired capacity increases it becomes more difficult to satisfy the battery capacity requested by the user.